vBETA.0.0.1
Initial Release

vBETA.0.1.0
Pillbug delay on death fix
Big One Crash Fix Released (modApiExt 1.15)
Bandaid Fix for Cockroach with death effect psions by excluding them
Stinkbug console errors and visual bugs and AI fix
Add arrow icon to mantis attack
Easy Edit Updated to 1.5.5
	This means that the Vanilla + Vextra list now has AE enemies, hit default if it doesn't
Under the hood Silkworm targeting change
Antlion Boss Added
New core! Fly: "Projectile attack that pulls and steals life."
Under the hood Stinkbug targeting change and other enhancements
Isopod (Pillbug) becomes Unique, and gains a health buff 1 --> 2  3 --> 4 and 4 --> 5
Termites Boss Added
Updated ModApiExt
Silkworm move decreased from 5-->4
Dragonfly will no longer smoke and attack friendlies

vBETA.0.2.0
Fixed a bug where the fly sprite was misaligned when selecting it.
Sonic Psion Added: +2 Movement
Nurse Psion Added: Healing friendly fire
Reactive Psion Added: Push adjacent on death
Corrosive Psion Added: Acid attack and removal
Cockroach Bug Fixed where it wouldn't revive on the top edge of the board
Fixed the death effect psions for Cockroach so it is no longer exclusive with them
	Special Thanks to Lemonymous for helping with the solution
		Double special thanks to Lemon for helping fix a bug this solution caused
Added the Cockroach Leader
Added the Dragonfly Leader
Ice Crawler Rework:
	The Ice Crawler felt a bit boring compared to some of the other uniques, so it got an update
	Release an icy gas with 3 range that deals more damage the farther it travels and freezes. Stops at buildings and mountains.
Ice Crawler Leader Added
Updated to Modloader 2.8.2
Fixed a bug where the cockroach leader didn't have the "Undying" Trait
Added an animation when the cockroach corpse dies
	Again, thanks to Lemonymous
Renamed the bosses so they would properly show up in harder difficulties outside of their mission

vBETA.0.3.0
Corrected some Typos and Clean Up some code
Added portraits for all Vek!
Added Sounds and Animations to many Vek that were missing them
Added a new custom boss! Junebug + Ladybug
	Junebug:
		Two directional melee attack that shifts to a laser when the ladybug is killed
		In addition, it leaves a corpse when dies that can be revived by...
	Ladybug Changes:
		Splash Healing Artillery Attack that focuses on the Junebug to heal/revive it
		The ladybug is therefore no longer a unique enemy and is custom to the boss
		The "taunt" effect also now no longer deals self damage but instead forces the target to its tile
	Welcome to Hedera who helped with many of the effects for this boss
Updated to modloader 2.8.3
Added the Stinkbug Leader
Added the Anthill Leader
All Vek now have a leader assigned to them!
Antlion Boss Health 6 --> 5
	The antlions burrow and stable made it difficult to deal that much damage so its health was reduced
Fixed a bug where upon rebooting the game the island layouts would be the same
	This is an easyEdit bug, but until released, this band-aid will fix the problem
Added the Winter Psion: Freezes the starting tile of all mechs at the end of each turn
Edited the stinkbugs stink to show up in front of and behind pawns
Changed the conditions that need to be met for the fly to steal life.

Version 1.0.0
Official Release! :party:
Updated the Odds of Ice Spawning for Ice Crawler Leader
	Building: 50% --> 30%
	Other Tile: 30% --> 25%
Fixed a name change for Isopod's tip
Merged the Secret Squad in to the main branch
	A Vextra Secret Squad now exists, complete the achievements to unlock it
	(may there be a second one in the future?)
Achievements!
Tons of achievements to unlock of various difficulties and objectives
Some Updates to Winter Psion to make its effects more readable
Changes to Acid Psion
Fixed a bug where Vextra Bosses wouldn't show up on the fourth island in Unfair Mode

Version 1.0.1
Bug Fixes:
Fixed an issue where antlion would crack cracked ice, resulting in instant objective kills
Fixed an issue with the subzero achievement where it wouldn't trigger at the end of a mission
Fixed an issue with the reactive psion where you could move before it activated
Overhauled Mission Impossible Achievement
	Closing the game no longer invalidates the achievement
	It now checks the lists at the start of the game so if they are changed mid run it still works
	The achievement now tells you whether your current run is valid, and how many islands are complete
Fixed many cockroach bugs:
	Alpha and leader revive animation no longer plays in reverse
	Beta Cockroach no longer disappears in its tooltip
	Arachnoids properly spawn after resetting or quitting the game and then killing a cockroach
		We got no clue on that one
Blacklisted Popular Hero and Invulnerable on Secret Squad pilots now that we can do that
Optimized the isopod achievement to work more consistently
Fixed an issue where flying ants would cause a console error when spawning and could trigger the Dragonslayer achievement

Balance Changes:
Nerfed Stinkbug Leader so it's line of stink only goes out two tiles instead of infinitely
	This nerf also goes to the secret squad
Antlion Hp Core: 3 --> 2 Unique: 5 --> 4
Thunderbug got a small stat buff to help solidify its place in Unique
Nurse Psion can now be killed by friendly fire
Termites are now Core Enemies and Antlions are now Unique
	Burrowers in Core were causing issues, and preventing termites attack was too easy
Chagned Acid Psion
	Vek Leave A.C.I.D. on death and apply it to adjacent enemies at the start of the player's turn
Changed Termite to be less confusing
	If the space in front of them is empty they will dash forward one space and leave a rock
	The leader no longer spawns a rock in front before dashing, but now spawns explosive rocks
Changed Ice Crawler to be less confusing:
	Increased Damage is now removed: Core: 1 Unique: 2 Leader: 2
	Leader no longer has two directions, but still has ice explosion
	Changed the achievement to match: Have an Ice Crawler hit 3 enemies in a single attack

Misc.
Updated some portraits
Fixed some typos
Made Antlion Animation more readable
Updated how Psion Icons works
Optimized stink clouds and added a description
Updated Winter psion text
Added sounds to killing a cockroach corpse

Version 1.0.2
Bug Fixes:
Fixed an issue with the Reactive Psion where you could move before it activated (for real this time).
Improved the delays on Reactive Psion to prevent corpse pushing.
Stoped the Antlion Leader to create cracks on timepods, intantly destroying them.
Stink clouds will no longer reappear if you create smoke on their place after their removal.
Fixed (hopefully) a Psion console error.
Fixed a bug where some exclusions wouldn't work

Balance Changes:
Fly added to the flying enemies exclusive table
Adjusted Termites target score to make them slightly less stupid.

Misc:
Ladybugs now can be added as normal enemies in easy edit and will properly target allies in normal missions.
Adds the DNT_LadybugException tag to except weapons from the ladybugs attacks.
Also included an option to add the tag to Wind Torrent.

Version 1.0.3 Hot Fix
Bug Fix: Fixed Mission Impossible so it worked with the v1.0.1 category swap
